Chore/githooks (#1379)
ZupIT/charlescd: hooks/README.md

# GitHooks

> Hooks are programs you can place in a git hooks directory to trigger actions at certain points in git's execution. 
> 
> In CharlesCD we have two githooks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hooks are programs you can place in a Git Hooks directory to trigger actions at certain points in the Git's execution. 

In CharlesCD we have two Githooks, see them below:
```

## Pre-Commit

> This hook runs during ```git commit```, before you even type in a commit message. In CharlesCD is used
> to verify if the changed files in commit have license header appropriately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This hook runs during ```git commit``` before you type a commit message. CharlesCD uses this to verify if the changed files in a commit have a proper license header.
```

## Pre-Push

> This hook runs during ```git push```, after the remote refs have been updated but before any objects have been transferred. In CharlesCD is used
> to verify if the commits to push have DCO Sign Off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This hook runs during ```git push``` after the remote refs have been updated but before any objects have been transferred. CharlesCD uses this to verify if the commits to push have DCO Sign Off.
```

# Configuration

> The hooks are all stored in the hooks subdirectory of the Git directory. 
> In most projects, that’s ```.git/hooks```.
> To config the CharlesCD hooks copy the files ```pre-commit``` and ```pre-push``` to ```charlescd/.git/hooks``` directory in your local CharlesCD project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The hooks are stored inside the hooks subdirectory of Git's directory. 
In most projects, you will see it as: ```**.git/hooks**```.
To configure CharlesCD's hooks:
- Copy the files ```pre-commit``` and ```pre-push``` to ```charlescd/.git/hooks``` directory in your local CharlesCD project.

```
